Good morning!
You're with the Lord.
It's 7:00 a.m. You know what time it is.
It's the Lord,
Lord Kitchener, live and direct,
strong from the Kitchen on Kitchen Radio.
Bad news, guys. They've gone and done it.
Water in the West Wing is out.
I repeat, water in the West Wing is out.
Water is still available in the east,
but only go if you need.
Only go if you sweat in your sleep.
Only go if your mattress is drenched.
You hear me?
Get out!
Come on, man!
We can't be waiting all day.
- Come on!
- Hurry up, man.
Get out!
It ain't personal.
We want this.
Not you.
It's time
for birthday shout-outs.
Happy 45th birthday to Sherry-Ann.
Love from Todd,
Neilson, and the whole family.
You've got 30 minutes
to send in all your birthday shout-outs.
What a fucking...
About time, mate.
Finally. Better late than never.
Need to make a shower.
No water.
Seriously?
Messages coming in.
Remember that at 10:00 p.m...
Isaac, after your eight-month wait,
your new Buena Vida
single-occupancy flat is ready.
- Yo, bust that door.
- Everyone together...
Okay, listen,
the food is coming in
on the north side of the market.
Food coming in north side of the market.
No! We don't want money!
If you've got extra tins,
stay back.
It's still there. It's still there.
Just wait. Wait.
Only go if you need.
We gotta look out for each other.
- Take it.
- Turn it off! Turn it off!
Take that! Take that!
- Hey!
- That's how we like it!
I've said it before,
and I'll say it again.
Take that.
They can't stop we.
You hear me?
At times like these,
it's important to think about yourself.
After your transition,
your tree will spend
a few weeks here in our incubator.
We call that the mourning period.
So, during that time,
family can visit as much as they like.
Where you going to put me?
The trees get sent
to a... ecological restoration project.
Somewhere you can, um... lay your roots.
- You don't have a clue.
- Dad!
I don't want to be a fuckin' bush!
Uh, Jase, um, do you mind showing
this family our selection of urns, please?
My pleasure. Could you just
follow me this way, please?
Won't have a grave to visit.
- Won't know where I am.
- Yo.
You're from the Kitchen, right?
Do you really think
your family wanna be here?
No.
Do you not think
if they could afford to do more,
they would do more?
I wish my dad prepared me
way more for his death.
'Cause it was like
one moment he's there, next minute gone,
and anything that was left around,
like money or whatever, had to go
all on a funeral.
You know?
You ever been to a Nigerian funeral?
Last one I went to lasted three weeks.
Exactly.
You know, imagine a nine night
on top of that.
You know, it's a lot.
What'd you say to him?
Dad's Nigerian funeral.
You're a cunt.
Well, commission ain't gonna make itself,
is it?
Serious?
Tellin' you, that's why I ain't staying
in that shithole
for one second longer
than I have to, mate.
"Shithole"?
- Yeah, shithole.
- It's our home.
"It's our ho..." You always say that.
Bruv, keep that same energy when
they drag you out kickin' and screamin'.
Yeah, but we're not doing that. They are.
Aight.
Cool.
I'm just letting you know, innit?
When shit gets real,
I'm saving myself out here.
They won't get the Kitchen.
They will get the Kitchen.
- It ain't happenin', fam.
- It's 'appening.
I'm telling you.
It is.
I don't give a shit anyway.
- Aight.
Toni was
a mother, friend, neighbor.
She will be missed so much
by everyone who knew and loved her.
Now I'd like to invite Toni's son forward
to say a few... final words.
Benji.
Would you like to say
a few words to your mum?
Earth to earth.
Roots to roots.
Life to life.
Come and see her
as much as you want... until she's moved on.
Yo.
How'd you know my mum?
- I don't.
- You was at the funeral.
I work here.
You don't look like
you was here because of work.
Yeah, I knew your mum.
From way back.
- Way back? Way back when?
- Yeah, just way back.
- When you were together?
- No.
- Sexually?
- What you... Oi, what you talking about?
Fuckin' barely knew your mum, man.
That's it.
What?
I just thought
my dad might've shown up today.
Guess he didn't.
Sick.
- This is your bike?
- Move from me, man.
- Can I have a go? I'm good on bikes.
- No. Move, man.
- Let me just show...
- Yo, yo, yo, move.
- Man, let me just show you.
- Hey, hey. Listen.
It was your mum's funeral today, man.
Yeah, I get it.
Don't wanna have to tell you
to fuck off.
What?
Do you wanna ride or not?
So where d'you live?
Kitchen.
The Kitchen?!
Yeah.
Why you say it like that? You know it?
Is it really like what they say it's like?
What? A shithole?
Yeah.
My mum...
She said my dad lives there.
I best go, Benji.
Thanks for the ride, Izi.
Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six, five,
four, three, two...
...one.
Open...
Ah...
What the hell, Mum?
What is this?
♪...then you go die
Then you go die, ay! ♪
♪ Situation get fizzy ike the Coke
Or the Sprite, yo, yo, ay! ♪
♪ Alhamdulillah, I'm free, what?
My vision is clear, I can see ♪
♪ Ah damn! And when you rise that ting
Make sure that your heart don't jam ♪
♪ Ah damn! Young boy with the big ting
In his pouch that made him a man ♪
♪ Ah damn! And when you rise that ting
Make sure that your heart don't jam ♪
♪ Ah damn! Hold it tight two hand
Like you tie your do-rag, ah damn! ♪
♪ I love my trap dons soon trap gods
Yeah, that's right, trap, trap, ay! ♪
- Have you guys seen a guy called Izi?
- Nah, mate, sorry.
- Who are you?
You're safe.
There's nuffin on 'im.
Aight, bro. Move from the bike.
- What?
- Well, you're not gettin' it.
You wanna get fucked up
over a shitty bike?
Bro, I don't give a fuck!
Stay away from my bike!
Is this yout...
What's your name?
Benji.
Aight, Benji.
Come.
Ah, I'm hungry.
Ah, bruv, totally.
Feelin' for some wings, man.
Yes, yes.
- Jeez!
- What's everyone sayin'?
Yo.
Good, yeah?
Why is everyone moving all tired?
- Just been chillin' all day, man.
- You're lazy, bruv.
- What you sayin'? You good?
- This is Benji.
Kid's nuts on the bike, you know?
Wheelies, all of that.
You sayin' better than me?
Ah... It'll get there.
It'll get there.
Oi, Oozie, can you show him
to the bedrooms and that?
Yeah.
Come, little man.
Tryin' to get some yard food,
I'm not gonna lie.
You sayin' yard food? What, the Jerk Hut?
- There's that Ghanaian spot, still.
- Stop tryna sit around, fam, dead.
Good morning!
You're with the Lord.
It's 7:00 a.m. You know what time it is.
This the Lord.
Lord Kitchener, live and direct,
strong from the Kitchen on Kitchen Radio.
Time for good news hour.
Messages comin' in. Whoa!
One second. Back up, back up, team.
He's on one knee right now as we speak.
Will you marry 'im, Rox?
Will you marry 'im?
He's waiting for your answer.
Let's hope it's good news.
Over this, man.
I'm tryin' to go home.
Hey, where we goin'?
This is serious.
Oooh!
Hey, this thing's lookin' mad!
- Gimme that. I am a top marksman.
- Don't forget your age, you know.
Come on, Stapes, ling it.
That's it.
- Come 'ere.
- What? Load me up properly.
- Get me a big one.
- I got my money on you.
- Yeah, of course you should.
- Steady, now.
- All righty...
- What's that?
Police drones.
- See?
- Hey, get up, man!
- That was nowhere near.
- I'll give it to you. I'll give it to him.
- You wanna turn, innit?
- Nah, I'm cool, man.
- Go, go.
- Go on, man.
You want to go.
- I don't.
- Go, go, go. Go, bruv.
Come on, bruv.
- Go.
- Should've done it the first time.
- No pressure, innit?
- There's bare pressure.
There's pressure, I can't lie.
Are you ready?
You got this, bro. You got this.
- One in the middle.
- Show us what you got.
- Lower, lower.
- Go back. Go back.
Get lower. Get lower. Lower.
Now bring it back.
Come on, you got this.
Come on, Benji. Slap it.
- Lower! Lower!
- He ain't there yet.
That's it.
- Right here.
- Steady.
- Don't let go yet.
- Power.
- Come on.
- That's it.
- Hurry up!
- Release it, bruv.
Bro, all you do is hate, bro.
This guy's just hatin'. See him?
Took him at least three or four times.
Kamale about ten times.
What do you mean, blud?
Eight and a half. Be precise.
You gotta change up them drip.
You look like you're goin' school, my boy.
Did all right, bro.
You did good. You did good.
Benji.
Hey, Benji.
- What you sayin'? You good?
- Yeah.
I'll meet you lot later.
- I was looking for you, you know.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
But doesn't even matter anymore.
Oi!
What you doin' rollin' with these guys?
Why do you care?
You are illegally occupying
privately owned property.
privately owned...
Hurry up!
Move, move! Move!
You are illegally occupying
privately owned property.
You must vacate
these premises immediately.
You must vacate these...
Oi!
Shut it.
Close the shutter.
Close the shutter!
What's happening?
Don't.
Get me the fuck out!
Get back!
What's happening?
The end.
Hmm?
Wanted to know what it's like, right?
Well, you'll find out
rolling with them man.
You ain't built like them.
Leave 'em alone.
Fine.
I'll stay away from them.
Yeah. Good.
Get down!
Get the fuck off me!
Only if you let me stay with you.
No.
I haven't got anywhere else to go.
It's either I stay here
or I stay with Staples.
Then you're staying with Staples.
Two nights.
Benji,
I'm getting outta this place myself,
so those two nights are two nights.
You're okay with that?
It's cool. Thank you.
What's this?
Pillow and a blanket.
This is a bag and a towel.
Yeah, well, things can be other things.
Are you just gonna be looking at me
takin' a shit?
I'm not even criticizin'.
Happy to be here.
This is the Lord.
Lord Kitchener,
live and direct,
strong from the Kitchen... on Kitchen Radio.
I know how you feel.
I feel it too.
They did it in Aylesbury.
They did it in Broadwater.
They did it in Mozart.
But remember,
they ordered us to leave,
and we said, "No. This is our home."
"We ain't goin' nowhere."
They cut our water,
they cut our supplies, and we said, "No."
"Fuck you. We ain't goin' nowhere."
Now,
the target is us.
The target is us.
I'm going to work.
You can take a shit now.
Izi.
Can you make sure my mum's all right?
Make sure she's gettin', um...
Make sure she's got water, sunlight,
sh... everything she needs.
If you can't get through
to someone, let me know.
You know what, man? Come on. Get up.
You're coming in with me.
I've said it before,
and I'll say it again,
and I will continue to say it
until I breathe no more.
They can't stop we.
They can only stop we
if we see we as I.
Let's change the vibe real quick.
Melanie?
Is it safe?
Benji, come on.
Go on, then. One more time.
Okay. Um... When my mum passed,
I'm so glad she upgraded
to... the Long Farewell...
- No, man.
- ...Package?
- You said you got it.
- I just said it.
The Fond Farewell Package.
- The Fond Farewell Package.
- Yeah.
Because... it eased the pain of her passing.
Robotic, man. Come on.
Say it one more time. Come on.
I don't even understand.
What's the Long Farewell Package?
- It's the Fond Farewell Package.
- Fond.
That's what's gonna
earn your keep around here. Yeah?
One more time. Go.
When my mum died,
I'm so happy I upgraded...
...to the Fond...
So... you can come and see her
as much as you want.
And this is our friend Benji here.
- Benji.
- Yeah.
Benji was just telling me about... his loss.
How his experience has been here.
Weren't you, Benj?
I'm so happy... that
I upgraded her...
to the... Long...
um, to the Fon...
Long...
I miss her.
I miss her every hour she's gone.
It feels like she's still kinda here.
I guess she is... this way.
'Cause she is.
Thanks for that, Benji.
Come this way.
Um, see you tomorrow.
Let's go.
I'll come back for you, Mum.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Sasha is 86 today!
I'm gonna play one for you, Sash.
I'm gonna play it for you as well, Rob,
because I want you to take time
with Sash. Sash is 86.
And everybody 'ere in the Kitchen
wants her to reach 87.
So, my brudda, take time.
What you gonna do
with those trees?
- Izi?
- You don't get to know that shit.
Why?
- They're just trees, man.
- Don't you legally have to tell people?
No, I don't.
You can find out.
- You can find out though.
- Argh!
You done good today.
Come on, let's do suttin'.
Suttin' fun. Let's cheer this up.
I can do fun, you know.
Trust me.
- Aight?
- Calm, bro.
- Yes!
- ♪ Some people can love one another... ♪
Yes, Sasha! Dance!
♪ How 'bout us? ♪
♪ Some people can hold it together... ♪
Ah, hell yes!
Wine and time!
Wine and take time!
♪ Time ♪
♪ Oh, time ♪
♪ Got sucked into a culture
Livin' like you do ♪
♪ Spendin' by the hour
♪ Can't make ends meet
Livin' like you do ♪
♪ This life will turn you sober
Livin' like I do ♪
♪ The tension builds... ♪
- Yo, what do you even drink?
- Nuffin. I just wanna watch it.
- You wanna what?
- Watch it. Watch it.
♪ The tension builds ♪
♪ Up in you ♪
♪ Up in you... ♪
Oh my God!
♪ Livin' without worries
Need some space to move ♪
♪ Move in such a hurry
So much time to lose ♪
♪ Staring out my window
We're so married to ♪
♪ Reflectin' from the faint glow
Staring back at you ♪
♪ And the best has passed
And the best has ♪
And the best has passed ♪
♪ Passed for you, yeah, passed for you ♪
♪ Yeah, passed for you
Yeah, passed for you ♪
♪ Now the tension
Now the tension builds ♪
♪ Now the tension builds ♪
♪ Now the tension builds
Now the tension builds ♪
♪ Up in you, up in you... ♪
Go on, then.
♪ Up in you... ♪
Not coming?
- Nah, you're good.
- You shook?
Shut up.
♪ Another in my life, oh-ho, I need ♪
♪ Another in my life, oh-ho, I need
No other in my life... ♪
♪ I need... ♪
I saw that!
♪ Got sucked into a ♪
♪ Oh-ho, I need
♪ Another in my life, oh-ho, I need ♪
♪ No other in my life ♪
♪ Got sucked into a culture
Livin' like I do ♪
♪ Can't make ends meet, livin' like I do ♪
♪ Got sucked into a culture
Livin' like I do ♪
♪ Can't make ends meet, livin' like I do ♪
♪ Livin' like I do ♪
Izi!
- Wait! You're outside!
- What you doin'?
- I didn't know you did that.
- Izi, you comin'?
Nah.
Go skate.
- Who's this?
- Go do a lap or somethin'.
- You knew my mum?
- Yo.
Do a lap.
So what we doing? Bar?
Let's go, man.
♪ Me no care 'bout that ♪
♪ Cyan talk inna my face ♪
♪ Say dem run place
A run dem run 'round that ♪
♪ Man a action pack
Some boy only full of tough chat ♪
♪ A nuff of dem stay so
A nuff of dem stay so ♪
Talk dem a talk, no action fi back ♪
♪ A nuff of dem stay so
A nuff of dem stay so ♪
♪ A nuff of dem stay so ♪
♪ Chat dem a chat
Me no pay that no mind, hear that ♪
♪ Empty barrel a make noise, dawg
Dem a nobody, dem a nobody, yeah ♪
♪ Cyan step to the president... ♪
You good, yeah?
Come on. You're with the big boys now.
♪...piece of metal and a pose, dawg
You no badman from no-weh ♪
♪ You mussi don't love your life
'Cause it nah work if you step to me ♪
♪ A nuff of dem stay so
A nuff of dem... ♪
Two shots. Two shots.
♪ A nuff of dem stay so ♪
♪ Fam, I've got these bitches
On lock doh ♪
On lock doh... ♪
So, yo, how you doin', man?
Good.
After the other day?
♪ I've got these bitches on lock doh ♪
♪ Fam, I've got these bitches
On lock doh ♪
♪ They drag me in the house
And then they lock door ♪
♪ They fighting for the number one spot... ♪
Look, the funeral at work the other day,
I know what Toni that was.
We work in a funeral home, Jase.
People die.
♪ That man are cleaning up now... ♪
How are you? You okay?
So, what,
you just rollin' with kids now, or...
I just knew his mum.
And there was a raid, so I took him in.
Again.
♪ Sword out your stone ♪
♪ Camelot ♪
♪ Hannah's house
And the hammering that Hannah got... ♪
What?
- Bro, I'm just askin'.
- Yeah, I'm just answerin'.
♪ Look, Hannah, stop... ♪
Yo! Drinks, please.
♪ Digital and analog... ♪
Drink.
♪ And I got ♪
♪ Fam, I've got these bitches
On lock doh ♪
♪ They drag me in the house... ♪
No.
♪ They fighting
For the number one spot though ♪
♪ Fam, I've got these bitches
On lock doh ♪
♪ They drag me in the house
And then they lock door ♪
♪ They fighting
For the number one spot though ♪
♪ I've got these bitches on lock doh
Fam, I've got these bitches... ♪
You from the Kitchen?
Yeah.
♪ They fighting
For the number one spot though ♪
Come on, Benji, man.
Let him miss you.
♪ It's like candy ♪
♪ I can feel it when you walk ♪
♪ Even when you talk, it takes over me ♪
♪ You're so dandy ♪
♪ I wanna know can you feel it too
Just like I, like I do? ♪
♪ This stuff is starting now ♪
♪ It's the same feeling
I always seem to get around you ♪
♪ There's no mistakin'
I'm clearly taken ♪
♪ By the simple mere thought of you ♪
♪ This stuff is starting now ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ My eyes roll in my head
I toss and turn in my bed ♪
♪ In the morning, when I think about you ♪
♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ Simply put, you're the reason why ♪
♪ Even though I'm real shy ♪
♪ Real shy ♪
♪ I attempt to look my best for you ♪
♪ Indeed, I do ♪
Good mornin'.
You are with the Lord.
It's 7:00 a.m.
You know exactly what time it is.
It's the Lord.
Lord Kitchener, live and direct
from the Kitchen on Kitchen Radio.
♪ It's like candy... ♪
Yes! Walk-of-shamers,
hold your heads up high.
We're proud of our walk-of-shamers.
Now stand up tall!
- ♪ You're so dandy... ♪
- Come on!
Yes!
- ♪ I wanna know can you feel it too? ♪
- Vibe, Kitchen, vibe!
You lot even askin' him?
Half our food, what you thinkin'?
This is too watery.
Shut up, man. Leave that alone.
Put that down, man.
Go sit down, man. Leave the ting.
Leave the ting and sit down.
Don't worry. Leave. Me. Alone.
He needs to add more flour to it.
It's too watery, innit?
What you got in there though?
Just the good stuff. You get me?
- That's worryin'.
- Staples.
- Whoo!
- Thanks for letting me crash here, man.
You staying with Izi, right?
Yeah.
What's he to you?
A friend of mine.
Yeah, some friend. We wouldn't leave you
anywhere by yourself.
All right, all right!
Secret-ingredient pancake ready today.
What's in the pancakes, bro?
Blud, you love chat
too much, you know.
- Is that the maples?
- Yeah.
- Enjoy
- Come on, man.
- Come on, dish me up.
- Stapes, that's you.
I'm not gonna lie,
it was triggering my hay fever, still.
- That's for you.
- Oh, love. You good guy.
You know what, K,
I already ate, you know.
Ah, here we go.
What you talkin' about, you already ate?
You just woke up, so how you ate?
- What's even in these, bro?
- Nah, nah, nah, nah. To the grave.
If you don't say what's in it,
I'm not eating it.
What do you mean?
Just eat, blud. It's good.
Brudda, I don't wanna eat this shit.
Brudda...
It's cardamom!
- What?!
- A fuckin' herb?
It's cardamom.
I've grown my own cardamom. It's cardamom.
I grow my own cardamom.
That is what the ting is.
Good stuff, you understand?
- That's what it is.
- What the fuck is that?!
What you talkin' about?
Man's growing shit under his bed
and putting it in you lot's food. Ugh!
Don't push that food in my face, man.
Go eat some Haribos or somethin'.
Benji, you know what's happenin', innit?
They've been cuttin' water,
blockin' deliveries...
just fuckin' shit up.
They're takin' people.
But, look, all we're saying
is no.
They wanna take the land for whatever
the fuck reason they've got for it.
That's their yes.
But this,
this is a no.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah, I get what you mean.
You want it?
The bike, d'you want it?
At least come on a ride with us.
It's yours.
You ain't safe by yourself.
♪ Order! ♪
♪ One more time, everybody ♪
- ♪ Attention ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Quick march ♪
- ♪ Left turn ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Right turn ♪
- ♪ About turn ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Stand at ease, fall in ♪
- ♪ Fall out, fall down ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Attention ♪
- ♪ Slow march ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Left turn, right turn ♪
- ♪ About turn, double up ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Salute, open your hat ♪
- ♪ Stand at ease, fall in ♪
- ♪ Zombie ♪
- ♪ Fall out, fall down ♪
♪ Get ready, huh! ♪
♪ Zombie ♪
Hello.
Mornin', mornin'!
- Oi, get off him!
- Who's that?
That is Uncle Izi.
- Food, now. Come on.
- Mm-mm.
Come on. Come on.
Come on. There you go. You sit there.
Okay. That's yours.
Why don't we
give Uncle Izi some food?
- Wanna give Uncle Izi some food?
- Yeah.
That's a good idea.
Ooh!
- Uncle Izi likes milk.
- He likes milk?
Uncle Izi!
Thank you.
Come on! It's medicine.
Ooh!
I think.
I wanna show you that I am responsible.
Okay, go on.
I didn't even know
you had a daughter, Jase.
You never asked.
Thank you, Angie. I'll pour you some milk.
Yeah. And milk in my cup.
There you go. Where? There? Okay.
You can have a bit of milk in your cup.
That's enough.
You got a daughter, bro.
I didn't even know.
On the count of, like, ten?
- Nah.
- On the count of three?
So, what, like... tongues and that?
That's disgustin'.
So no tongues?
Didn't say that neither.
Fuck's this?
This guy, bro.
- Listen...
- Just not...
- Kamale.
- Listen...
Thank you.
You're proper quiet today.
Decent yesterday, innit?
What's goin' on?
Know what, Benji?
Go and get it back, then.
Go on.
Big man.
Go and get the bike back.
But when they end up doin'
something stupid, like killin' a fed...
and you're there,
they will leave you.
Trust me. They will leave you.
Eat your fuckin' breakfast, man.
You left me.
Aight.
When I was your age,
who do you think looked after me?
Go on.
Who bought you that little red bike?
I didn't even know my mum.
Real world.
But no one cares.
You're on your own.
Hey, get used to it.
That it, then?
Is what it, then?
Want me to leave your place?
D'you wanna leave?
I don't know.
Whatever. I... I'll work it out anyway.
Aight, eat your breakfast.
♪ It's not that I don't love you ♪
♪ You know how much I do ♪
♪ And it's not that I found somebody ♪
♪ To take the place of you ♪
♪ But it's just a feel within me... ♪
Upgrade.
♪ When you touch my hand ♪
♪ And a feel that... ♪
Do you know how much times
I farted on that?
Izi, man.
No one cares about your farts.
♪ So I'm leaving ♪
♪ Yes, I am ♪
♪ This time I play... ♪
It's shit.
Why you takin' it down?
Don't know why you always hatin'.
♪ Before love breaks my heart... ♪
It's... It's a lamp, innit?
And she's movin'...
It's just creatin' a vibe,
you know, the colors.
Fam, even this moves.
D'you like it?
No.
- I could see you in that one.
- No, you can't.
Nah.
No.
- You would look good in that one.
- Nah, I knew you were gonna say that.
You gotta pick one soon, bro,
'cause I got clients waiting.
They're all queuing up outside here.
Let's just keep it the same.
Think about it.
Someone made that, like, all of this.
All of that.
All of these fabrics and everything.
All right, we get it.
- Thank you.
- I get it. You like the fuckin' lamp.
Just tap. Done.
♪ Pushing me away ♪
- ♪ So I'm leavin' ♪
- Yeah. That's class.
♪ Ah yes, I am ♪
♪ This time, I played it smart ♪
♪ I'm gonna walk away from love ♪
♪ Walk away from love ♪
- ♪ Before love breaks my heart ♪
- You all right?
Yeah.
♪...walk away from love ♪
♪ I'm gonna walk away from love... ♪
Oh!
Izi.
What you doin'?
You're doin' it wrong.
You gotta do little circles.
Look. Like this.
Right?
♪ I'm gonna walk away from love ♪
Hello, Isaac James.
Congratulations.
Your single-occupancy Buena Vida flat
will be ready tomorrow.
Please provide proof of your ability
to pay a four-month deposit on arrival.
Thank you.
Anything else
we can help you with today, Isaac?
Double occup...
Can I inquire about... double occupancy?
Would you like to change
and apply for double occupancy?
Yes.
I didn't quite hear that.
Would you like to change
and apply for double occupancy?
Yes!
No need to raise your voice.
Yes.
Great news.
In order to continue
with your double-occupancy application,
you will need to release
your single occupancy flat. Is that okay?
Isaac.
Is that okay?
You all right, Mum?
Sorry I haven't come
and seen you for a while.
I'm stayin' with Izi now.
He's been lookin' after me.
I'm sorry I couldn't say anything
at your funeral.
I love you, Mum.
Can I take my mum home?
I'm gonna
do a couple things while I'm here.
So I'll meet you at the front, yeah?
Yo.
Come on.
Izi?
- Know where they're gonna plant my mum?
- No.
Can you not... find out?
Benj, it's a fucking tree!
A tree.
Ain't got fuck all to do with your mum
anymore.
All right?
You ain't got money,
they fuckin' dump you.
Yeah? That's it.
Please, man.
Are you gonna go to Buena Vida?
I can't pay rent, but...
I don't even know
how rent works around there.
But I can cook... um...
clean, and I will never buy anything
without your permission...
Benji, stop.
Izi?
My... my mum...
she... she told me.
What she say?
She said you worked at Life After Life.
Lived in the Kitchen.
You never loved her,
but... you would've loved me.
- Izi?
- Hey.
Why you not eating?
Are you gonna eat?
Yeah.
- I was gonna do it.
- Hmm?
- Let's go and do something quickly though.
- Mm.
Yeah?
Isaac James, welcome to Buena Vida!
Come on!
Yes, come on, Kitchen.
- Take it easy though.
- Slow down. Hands out.
- Feel it.
- See you around, yeah?
Have a good time.
Nothing can stop us.
We are not like them.
They're not like us.
Where's their radio show?
Where's their host like me?
Look at me.
Cheekbones. Gold tooth.
In your face, baby.
Yes!
Forty forty home.
Fuck you! Cheating...
- Shut up!
- I can't hear you.
Ruby! Quick! Come home!
Come home now! Quick!
Quick!
Let's go! Let's go! Move!
No! No!
- Come 'ere!
- Get off!
Ruby! Ruby, quick!
Ruby! Quick! Come on! What?
Get off me! Get your f...
- Run, Ruby! Run!
- Mum! Mum!
Run!
- Get fuckin' out the way!
- Oh yeah?
- Open the door! Open the door, quick!
- On your fuckin' knees!
Let me in, please. Open the door!
You!
It's okay, baby. It's okay.
Know you're in there. Open up!
Open the fuckin' door!
- No!
- Get out!
Please, help me!
Police!
Fuck you!
Fuck you! They can't stop us!
Fuck... Fuck you!
Please...
- The mic's still on.
- Pull the mic out.
Yeah, take care of yourselves.
There we go.
Oh! It's okay. It's okay.
Thank you.
- Thanks for your help. Okay.
- Is the new place gonna be nice?
It's gonna be the best place
you've ever seen. Watch out for her.
Good morning, Isaac James.
It's time to wake up.
Today is a good day.
You look like you slept well!
Breach of guest capacity in Chapel Six.
♪ When I, in awesome wonder ♪
♪ Consider all ♪
♪ The works thy hand hath made ♪
♪ I see the stars ♪
♪ I hear the rolling thunder ♪
♪ Thy power throughout ♪
♪ The universe displayed ♪
♪ Then sings my soul ♪
♪ My savior God ♪
♪ To thee ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ Then sings my soul ♪
♪ My savior God to thee ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ Until the lord... ♪
♪ Thy work thy hand hath made ♪
♪ I see the stars ♪
♪ I hear the rolling thunder ♪
♪ Thy power throughout... ♪
Yo.
♪ The universe display... ♪
I'm gonna tell you
something my mum told me.
If a man causes a blemish...
on his neighbor...
so should be done to him.
It's breach for breach,
eye for eye, tooth for tooth.
As he hath done cause a blemish on a man,
so it will be done to him again.
This is war.
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ And when I think ♪
♪ That God, his son not sparing ♪
♪ Sent him to die ♪
♪ I scarce can take it in ♪
♪ That on that cross ♪
♪ My burden gladly bearing... ♪
♪ He bled and died ♪
- Take it out!
- ♪ To take away my sin ♪
Fuck off!
Twenty seconds!
Ten seconds!
♪ Then sings my soul ♪
♪ My savior God to thee ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ Then sings my soul ♪
♪ My savior God to thee ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ How great thou... ♪
Hey!
Sit the fuck down!
Sit the fuck down.
Sit... down.
Fuck off, man.
What you doin'?
Move, man!
- Just move.
- It's all right, man.
It's not all right.
Nothing's all right. Move!
- Come here.
- Fuck off, man.
Fuckin' move!
- Hey.
- Why'd you come here?
- Why are you here?
- I'm sorry.
You're not sorry, man.
Go away, man. Go away. The door's there.
Yo.
Thanks, man.
Just gotta figure out
where to put her now.
Maybe we can bring 'er home.
Why you not helpin'?
I'm just...
just letting you do your thing, man.
You lost her too, you know.
I love you, Mum.
Yeah, we gotta go.
Run! Run! Run! Run!
Run! Run!
- Go! Go! Go!
- Move! Quick!
Up against the wall! Up!
Up!
- Come on.
- Move!
- Come here!
- Get the fuck off me!
Benji!
Oi! Oi!
I can't breathe. Izi!
Get off him!
Benji, come!
Come on, get in. Come on.
Move! Move!
- I can't breathe.
- Are you deaf?
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Oh fuck!
Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up!
Everybody, out! Everybody, out!
Move it!
Quick!
Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up!
Move! Move!
That's it!
That's it! That's it! Let's go!
- Ambush!
- Eyes up! Eyes up!
- Eyes up, eyes up!
Fuck!
It's getting through!
Izi.
Are you my dad?
Would you want me to be?
Let's just see how it goes.
Cool.
No.
Mm-mm.